# Kingdom Quest
Kingdom Quest is a medieval-themed city-building game in which the player assumes the lord of a new village. It is up to the player to manage their citizen’s happiness as the city grows in population and needs more resources to be happy.
To start playing, several roads need to be placed for people to spawn and walk through. Then, by placing houses down with the build menu, a citizen will spawn and begin strolling the roads. The player's goal is to keep the citizens happy. This is done by building enough farms and hospitals to keep up with the citizen’s needs. As the population grows, this happiness will be more expensive to manage as more and more structures are needed to maintain happiness. When the player builds enough farms and hospitals, the happiness of the town will be high. When their happiness is high, the player will passively receive all kinds of benefits, these include merchants producing twice as much gold and the player’s population going up over time. However, if the player fails to keep the citizen’s happiness high, the player will incur some penalties. These penalties include merchants producing half as much gold and citizens periodically leaving the town. Another option the player has access to is refunding structures by right-clicking them. This deletes the building and refunds the player its cost. The player may also notice notifications in the form of a small panel at the top of the screen that slides in and out as needed. This often triggers if the citizens are becoming unhappy and will notify the player of the emergency. It will also inform the player when citizens leave a city and how many left. In reverse, it can also let the player know when citizens enter a city and how many come.
The levels the player can choose from are Plains, Desert, and Snowy Mountain. Each of these levels also carry some difficulties, making the player think more about how they place structures. Within the Plains level, the player is given full freedom to design how they like with minimal restrictions. This level is also designed with a lush scene including many trees and rocks that players can build around. They are given a flat field and all structures are working at full efficiency. The Desert level on the other hand has farms working at half efficiency, so the player must invest more in their kingdom's farms, otherwise the population will get unhappy faster. The desert is also designed with bones, rocks, and cacti scattered throughout the map giving the feel that the player is building a city around the desert climate. Lastly, the Snowy Mountains reduce the merchants’ effectiveness. Players must be more careful about how they spend their money to protect their citizens' happiness. This level is designed with a large mountain field taking up map space forcing the player to build around the mountains while also having a snow effect and darker days which helps set the environment of a dark and snowy mountain.
